docs/dApp-integration.md, before:

# ![AlgoSigner](/media/algosigner-wallet-banner-3.png)

# Integrating AlgoSigner to add Transaction Capabilities for dApps on Algorand

AlgoSigner injects a JavaScript library into every web page the browser user visits, which allows the site to interact with the extension. The dApp can use the injected library to connect to the user's Wallet, discover account addresses it holds, query the Network (make calls to AlgoD v2 or the Indexer) and request AlgoSigner to inquire the user to sign a transaction initiated by the application. **All methods of the injected library return a Promise that needs to be handled by the dApp.**

A sample dApp was created to showcase the methods described here, you can find it at:

- [Website dApp](https://purestake.github.io/algosigner-dapp-example/)
- [GitHub dApp](https://github.com/PureStake/algosigner-dapp-example)

Sent in transactions will be validated against the Algorand JS SDK transaction types - field names must match, and the whole transaction will be rejected otherwise.

Proxied requests are passed through to an API service - currently set to the PureStake API service. Endpoints available are limited to what the service exposes. The API backend may be configured by advanced users and is not guaranteed to respond as expected.

## Existing Methods

- [Connect to Extension](#algosignerconnect)
- [Request Wallet Accounts](#algosigneraccounts-ledger-mainnettestnet-)
- [Algod v2 API](#algosigneralgod-ledger-mainnettestnet-path-algod-v2-path--)
- [Indexer v2 API](#algosignerindexer-ledger-mainnettestnet-path-indexer-v2-path-)
- [Sign Transactions](#algosignersigntxnobject)
- [Send Transactions](#algosignersend-ledger-mainnettestnet-txblob-)

### AlgoSigner.connect()

Requests access to the Wallet for the dApp, may be rejected or approved. Every access to the extension begins with a connect request, which if approved by the user, allows the dApp to follow-up with other requests.

<img src="dApp_int_images/req-access.png" height="500" />

### AlgoSigner.accounts({ ledger: ‘MainNet|TestNet’ })

Returns an array of accounts present in the Wallet for the given Network.

**Request**

```js
AlgoSigner.accounts({ ledger: 'TestNet' });
```

**Response**

```json
[
  {
    "address": "U2VHSZL3LNGATL3IBCXFCPBTYSXYZBW2J4OGMPLTA4NA2CB4PR7AW7C77E"
  },
  {
    "address": "MTHFSNXBMBD4U46Z2HAYAOLGD2EV6GQBPXVTL727RR3G44AJ3WVFMZGSBE"
  }
]
```

### AlgoSigner.algod({ ledger: ‘MainNet|TestNet’, path: ‘algod v2 path’, ... })

Proxies the requested path to the Algod v2 API. Is limited to endpoints made available by the API server. By default, all calls to the AlgoSigner.algod method are GET.

**Request (GET)**

```js
AlgoSigner.algod({
  ledger: 'TestNet',
  path: '/v2/transactions/params',
});
```

**Response**

```json
{
  "consensus-version": "https://github.com/algorandfoundation/specs/tree/e5f565421d720c6f75cdd186f7098495caf9101f",
  "fee": 1,
  "genesis-hash": "SGO1GKSzyE7IEPItTxCByw9x8FmnrCDexi9/cOUJOiI=",
  "genesis-id": "testnet-v1.0",
  "last-round": 8271323,
  "min-fee": 1000
}
```

To make a POST requests, more details need to be included in as input. More information can be found [here](https://developer.algorand.org/docs/reference/rest-apis/algod/v2/).

**Request (POST)**

```js
AlgoSigner.algod({
  ledger: 'TestNet',
  path: '/v2/teal/compile',
  body: 'int 0',
  method: 'POST',
  contentType: 'text/plain',
});
```

**Response**

```json
{
  "hash": "KI4DJG2OOFJGUERJGSWCYGFZWDNEU2KWTU56VRJHITP62PLJ5VYMBFDBFE",
  "result": "ASABACI="
}
```

### AlgoSigner.indexer({ ledger: ‘MainNet|TestNet’, path: ‘indexer v2 path’ })

Proxies the requested path to the Indexer v2 API. Is limited to endpoints made available by the API server. The API backend may be configured by advanced users and is not guaranteed to respond as expected. More information can be found [here](https://developer.algorand.org/docs/reference/rest-apis/algod/v2/).

**Request**

```js
AlgoSigner.indexer({
  ledger: 'TestNet',
  path: '/v2/assets/150821',
});
```

**Response**

```json
{
  "asset": {
    "index": 150821,
    "params": {
      "clawback": "Q2SLSQTBMVJYVT2AANUAXY4A5G7A3Y6L2M6L3WIXKNYBTMMQFGUOQGKSRQ",
      "creator": "Q2SLSQTBMVJYVT2AANUAXY4A5G7A3Y6L2M6L3WIXKNYBTMMQFGUOQGKSRQ",
      "decimals": 15,
      "default-frozen": false,
      "freeze": "Q2SLSQTBMVJYVT2AANUAXY4A5G7A3Y6L2M6L3WIXKNYBTMMQFGUOQGKSRQ",
      "manager": "Q2SLSQTBMVJYVT2AANUAXY4A5G7A3Y6L2M6L3WIXKNYBTMMQFGUOQGKSRQ",
      "name": "decimal Test",
      "reserve": "Q2SLSQTBMVJYVT2AANUAXY4A5G7A3Y6L2M6L3WIXKNYBTMMQFGUOQGKSRQ",
      "total": 1000,
      "unit-name": "dectest"
    }
  },
  "current-round": 8271410
}
```

### AlgoSigner.sign(txnObject)

Send a transaction object, conforming to the Algorand JS SDK, to AlgoSigner for approval. The Network is determined from the 'genesis-id' property. If approved, the response is a signed transaction object, with the binary blob field base64 encoded to prevent transmission issues.

#### Transaction Requirements

- Must have a valid type ('pay', 'keyreg', 'acfg', 'axfer', 'afrz', 'appl')
- Must not have additional unknown fields
- Must not have any value in the 'rekey' field
- When provided, address 'to' must be a valid address
- Numeric fields must have values that are considered safe and non-negative
- Fees above 1000 Micro Algos and any usage of 'close' fields ('CloseRemainderTo') will have internal warnings created for display purposes
- Note field must be a string (you may encrypt it) - not an Uint8, to prevent transmission errors
- Application transactions must have the appApprovalProgram, appClearProgram, and elements of the appArgs array be 64bit encoded strings, which will decode and cast back to uint8

These restrictions can be seen in [this link](https://github.com/PureStake/algosigner/blob/master/packages/extension/src/background/utils/validator.ts).

In the following example, _txParams_ is set by a previous call to _AlgoSigner.algod()_.

**Request**

```js
let txn = {
  from: accounts[0].address,
  to: 'PBZHOKKNBUCCDJB7KB2KLHUMWCGAMBXZKGBFGGBHYNNXFIBOYI7ONYBWK4',
  fee: txParams['fee'],
  type: 'pay',
  amount: amount,
  firstRound: txParams['last-round'],
  lastRound: txParams['last-round'] + 1000,
  genesisID: txParams['genesis-id'],
  genesisHash: txParams['genesis-hash'],
  note: 'NOTE is a string',
};

AlgoSigner.sign(txn);
```

Different transaction objects can be created for other purposes, for example: send Algos, create an Algorand Standard Asset (ASA) and opt-in an asset. You can see snippets for each of these cases in the [exampe dApp website](https://purestake.github.io/algosigner-dapp-example/).

**Response**

```json
{
  "txID": "4F6GE5EBTBJ7DOTWKA3GK4JYARFDCVR5CYEXP6O27FUCE5SGFDYQ",
  "blob": "gqNzaWfEQL6mW/7ss2HKAqsuHN/7ePx11wKSAvFocw5QEDvzSvrvJdzWYvT7ua8Lc0SS0zOmUDDaHQC/pGJ0PNqnu7W3qQKjdHhuiaNhbXQGo2ZlZc4AA7U4omZ2zgB+OrujZ2VurHRlc3RuZXQtdjEuMKJnaMQgSGO1GKSzyE7IEPItTxCByw9x8FmnrCDexi9/cOUJOiKibHbOAH4+o6NyY3bEIHhydylNDQQhpD9QdKWejLCMBgb5UYJTGCfDW3KgLsI+o3NuZMQgZM5ZNuFgR8pz2dHBgDlmHolfGgF96zX/X4x2bnAJ3aqkdHlwZaNwYXk="
}
```

Due to limitations in Chrome internal messaging, AlgoSigner encodes the transaction blob in base64 strings. If interrogation of the blob is needed, we have provided helper functions in the AlgoSigner repository:

- [Python](https://github.com/PureStake/algosigner-dapp-example/blob/master/python/pythonTransaction.py)
- [NodeJS](https://github.com/PureStake/algosigner-dapp-example/blob/master/nodeJs/nodeJsTransaction.js)

#### Atomic Transactions

- Grouped transactions intended for atomic transaction functionality need to be grouped outside of AlgoSigner, but can be signed individually.
- The grouped transactions need to have their binary components concatenated to be accepted in the AlgoSigner send method.
- An example of this can be seen in the [existing sample dApp group test](https://purestake.github.io/algosigner-dapp-example/tx-test/signTesting.html).

### AlgoSigner.send({ ledger: ‘MainNet|TestNet’, txBlob })

Send a base64 encoded signed transaction blob to AlgoSigner to transmit to the Network.

**Request**

```js
AlgoSigner.send({
  ledger: 'TestNet',
  tx: signedTx.blob,
});
```

**Response**

```json
{ "txId": "OKU6A2QYMRSZAUEJUZL3PW5XKLTA6TKWQHIIBXDCO3KT5OHCULBA" }
```

## Rejection Messages

The dApp may return the following errors in case of users rejecting requests, or errors in the request:

```
    NotAuthorized = '[RequestErrors.NotAuthorized] The extension user does not authorize the request.',
    InvalidTransactionParams = '[RequestErrors.InvalidTransactionParams] Invalid transaction parameters.',
    UnsupportedAlgod = '[RequestErrors.UnsupportedAlgod] The provided method is not supported.',
    UnsupportedLedger = '[RequestErrors.UnsupportedLedger] The provided ledger is not supported.',
    Undefined = '[RequestErrors.Undefined] An undefined error occurred.',
```

Errors may be passed back to the dApp from the Algorand JS SDK if a transaction is valid, but has some other issue - for example, insufficient funds in the sending account.

Commit message:

Version update to 1.3.0, readme for multisig

docs/dApp-integration.md, after:

# ![AlgoSigner](/media/algosigner-wallet-banner-3.png)

# Integrating AlgoSigner to add Transaction Capabilities for dApps on Algorand

AlgoSigner injects a JavaScript library into every web page the browser user visits, which allows the site to interact with the extension. The dApp can use the injected library to connect to the user's Wallet, discover account addresses it holds, query the Network (make calls to AlgoD v2 or the Indexer) and request AlgoSigner to inquire the user to sign a transaction initiated by the application. **All methods of the injected library return a Promise that needs to be handled by the dApp.**

A sample dApp was created to showcase the methods described here, you can find it at:

- [Website dApp](https://purestake.github.io/algosigner-dapp-example/)
- [GitHub dApp](https://github.com/PureStake/algosigner-dapp-example)

Sent in transactions will be validated against the Algorand JS SDK transaction types - field names must match, and the whole transaction will be rejected otherwise.

Proxied requests are passed through to an API service - currently set to the PureStake API service. Endpoints available are limited to what the service exposes. The API backend may be configured by advanced users and is not guaranteed to respond as expected.

## Existing Methods

- [Connect to Extension](#algosignerconnect)
- [Request Wallet Accounts](#algosigneraccounts-ledger-mainnettestnet-)
- [Algod v2 API](#algosigneralgod-ledger-mainnettestnet-path-algod-v2-path--)
- [Indexer v2 API](#algosignerindexer-ledger-mainnettestnet-path-indexer-v2-path-)
- [Sign Transactions](#algosignersigntxnobject)
- [Send Transactions](#algosignersend-ledger-mainnettestnet-txblob-)

### AlgoSigner.connect()

Requests access to the Wallet for the dApp, may be rejected or approved. Every access to the extension begins with a connect request, which if approved by the user, allows the dApp to follow-up with other requests.

<img src="dApp_int_images/req-access.png" height="500" />

### AlgoSigner.accounts({ ledger: ‘MainNet|TestNet’ })

Returns an array of accounts present in the Wallet for the given Network.

**Request**

```js
AlgoSigner.accounts({ ledger: 'TestNet' });
```

**Response**

```json
[
  {
    "address": "U2VHSZL3LNGATL3IBCXFCPBTYSXYZBW2J4OGMPLTA4NA2CB4PR7AW7C77E"
  },
  {
    "address": "MTHFSNXBMBD4U46Z2HAYAOLGD2EV6GQBPXVTL727RR3G44AJ3WVFMZGSBE"
  }
]
```

### AlgoSigner.algod({ ledger: ‘MainNet|TestNet’, path: ‘algod v2 path’, ... })

Proxies the requested path to the Algod v2 API. Is limited to endpoints made available by the API server. By default, all calls to the AlgoSigner.algod method are GET.

**Request (GET)**

```js
AlgoSigner.algod({
  ledger: 'TestNet',
  path: '/v2/transactions/params',
});
```

**Response**

```json
{
  "consensus-version": "https://github.com/algorandfoundation/specs/tree/e5f565421d720c6f75cdd186f7098495caf9101f",
  "fee": 1,
  "genesis-hash": "SGO1GKSzyE7IEPItTxCByw9x8FmnrCDexi9/cOUJOiI=",
  "genesis-id": "testnet-v1.0",
  "last-round": 8271323,
  "min-fee": 1000
}
```

To make a POST requests, more details need to be included in as input. More information can be found [here](https://developer.algorand.org/docs/reference/rest-apis/algod/v2/).

**Request (POST)**

```js
AlgoSigner.algod({
  ledger: 'TestNet',
  path: '/v2/teal/compile',
  body: 'int 0',
  method: 'POST',
  contentType: 'text/plain',
});
```

**Response**

```json
{
  "hash": "KI4DJG2OOFJGUERJGSWCYGFZWDNEU2KWTU56VRJHITP62PLJ5VYMBFDBFE",
  "result": "ASABACI="
}
```

### AlgoSigner.indexer({ ledger: ‘MainNet|TestNet’, path: ‘indexer v2 path’ })

Proxies the requested path to the Indexer v2 API. Is limited to endpoints made available by the API server. The API backend may be configured by advanced users and is not guaranteed to respond as expected. More information can be found [here](https://developer.algorand.org/docs/reference/rest-apis/algod/v2/).

**Request**

```js
AlgoSigner.indexer({
  ledger: 'TestNet',
  path: '/v2/assets/150821',
});
```

**Response**

```json
{
  "asset": {
    "index": 150821,
    "params": {
      "clawback": "Q2SLSQTBMVJYVT2AANUAXY4A5G7A3Y6L2M6L3WIXKNYBTMMQFGUOQGKSRQ",
      "creator": "Q2SLSQTBMVJYVT2AANUAXY4A5G7A3Y6L2M6L3WIXKNYBTMMQFGUOQGKSRQ",
      "decimals": 15,
      "default-frozen": false,
      "freeze": "Q2SLSQTBMVJYVT2AANUAXY4A5G7A3Y6L2M6L3WIXKNYBTMMQFGUOQGKSRQ",
      "manager": "Q2SLSQTBMVJYVT2AANUAXY4A5G7A3Y6L2M6L3WIXKNYBTMMQFGUOQGKSRQ",
      "name": "decimal Test",
      "reserve": "Q2SLSQTBMVJYVT2AANUAXY4A5G7A3Y6L2M6L3WIXKNYBTMMQFGUOQGKSRQ",
      "total": 1000,
      "unit-name": "dectest"
    }
  },
  "current-round": 8271410
}
```

### AlgoSigner.sign(txnObject)

Send a transaction object, conforming to the Algorand JS SDK, to AlgoSigner for approval. The Network is determined from the 'genesis-id' property. If approved, the response is a signed transaction object, with the binary blob field base64 encoded to prevent transmission issues.

#### Transaction Requirements

- Must have a valid type ('pay', 'keyreg', 'acfg', 'axfer', 'afrz', 'appl')
- Must not have additional unknown fields
- Must not have any value in the 'rekey' field
- When provided, address 'to' must be a valid address
- Numeric fields must have values that are considered safe and non-negative
- Fees above 1000 Micro Algos and any usage of 'close' fields ('CloseRemainderTo') will have internal warnings created for display purposes
- Note field must be a string (you may encrypt it) - not an Uint8, to prevent transmission errors
- Application transactions must have the appApprovalProgram, appClearProgram, and elements of the appArgs array be 64bit encoded strings, which will decode and cast back to uint8

These restrictions can be seen in [this link](https://github.com/PureStake/algosigner/blob/master/packages/extension/src/background/utils/validator.ts).

In the following example, _txParams_ is set by a previous call to _AlgoSigner.algod()_.

**Request**

```js
let txn = {
  from: accounts[0].address,
  to: 'PBZHOKKNBUCCDJB7KB2KLHUMWCGAMBXZKGBFGGBHYNNXFIBOYI7ONYBWK4',
  fee: txParams['fee'],
  type: 'pay',
  amount: amount,
  firstRound: txParams['last-round'],
  lastRound: txParams['last-round'] + 1000,
  genesisID: txParams['genesis-id'],
  genesisHash: txParams['genesis-hash'],
  note: 'NOTE is a string',
};

AlgoSigner.sign(txn);
```

Different transaction objects can be created for other purposes, for example: send Algos, create an Algorand Standard Asset (ASA) and opt-in an asset. You can see snippets for each of these cases in the [exampe dApp website](https://purestake.github.io/algosigner-dapp-example/).

**Response**

```json
{
  "txID": "4F6GE5EBTBJ7DOTWKA3GK4JYARFDCVR5CYEXP6O27FUCE5SGFDYQ",
  "blob": "gqNzaWfEQL6mW/7ss2HKAqsuHN/7ePx11wKSAvFocw5QEDvzSvrvJdzWYvT7ua8Lc0SS0zOmUDDaHQC/pGJ0PNqnu7W3qQKjdHhuiaNhbXQGo2ZlZc4AA7U4omZ2zgB+OrujZ2VurHRlc3RuZXQtdjEuMKJnaMQgSGO1GKSzyE7IEPItTxCByw9x8FmnrCDexi9/cOUJOiKibHbOAH4+o6NyY3bEIHhydylNDQQhpD9QdKWejLCMBgb5UYJTGCfDW3KgLsI+o3NuZMQgZM5ZNuFgR8pz2dHBgDlmHolfGgF96zX/X4x2bnAJ3aqkdHlwZaNwYXk="
}
```

Due to limitations in Chrome internal messaging, AlgoSigner encodes the transaction blob in base64 strings. If interrogation of the blob is needed, we have provided helper functions in the AlgoSigner repository:

- [Python](https://github.com/PureStake/algosigner-dapp-example/blob/master/python/pythonTransaction.py)
- [NodeJS](https://github.com/PureStake/algosigner-dapp-example/blob/master/nodeJs/nodeJsTransaction.js)

#### Multisig Transactions

- Multisig transactions can be signed individually through AlgoSigner.
  - Using the associated msig for the transaction an available matching unsigned address will be selected if possible to sign the txn component.
  - The resulting sign will return the a msig with only this signature in the blob and will need to be merged with other signatures before sending to the network.
- An example of this can be seen in the [existing sample dApp multisig test](https://purestake.github.io/algosigner-dapp-example/tx-test/signTesting.html).

#### Atomic Transactions

- Grouped transactions intended for atomic transaction functionality need to be grouped outside of AlgoSigner, but can be signed individually.
- The grouped transactions need to have their binary components concatenated to be accepted in the AlgoSigner send method.
- An example of this can be seen in the [existing sample dApp group test](https://purestake.github.io/algosigner-dapp-example/tx-test/signTesting.html).

### AlgoSigner.send({ ledger: ‘MainNet|TestNet’, txBlob })

Send a base64 encoded signed transaction blob to AlgoSigner to transmit to the Network.

**Request**

```js
AlgoSigner.send({
  ledger: 'TestNet',
  tx: signedTx.blob,
});
```

**Response**

```json
{ "txId": "OKU6A2QYMRSZAUEJUZL3PW5XKLTA6TKWQHIIBXDCO3KT5OHCULBA" }
```

## Rejection Messages

The dApp may return the following errors in case of users rejecting requests, or errors in the request:

```
    NotAuthorized = '[RequestErrors.NotAuthorized] The extension user does not authorize the request.',
    InvalidTransactionParams = '[RequestErrors.InvalidTransactionParams] Invalid transaction parameters.',
    UnsupportedAlgod = '[RequestErrors.UnsupportedAlgod] The provided method is not supported.',
    UnsupportedLedger = '[RequestErrors.UnsupportedLedger] The provided ledger is not supported.',
    Undefined = '[RequestErrors.Undefined] An undefined error occurred.',
```

Errors may be passed back to the dApp from the Algorand JS SDK if a transaction is valid, but has some other issue - for example, insufficient funds in the sending account.
